So what is the answer for the current problem, which is the verdict of a problem?
Let me read this.
And what we'll do is we'll try to formulate the approach and then we will write under the approach on
both these three, then see the down to the same.
So the first thing is, what does the current represent in my current problem, which is the vertex
global problem from sponge, right?
So deep current will represent nothing.
But what do we need to find?
Yeah.
Minimum size in this tree such that each edge has at least one object and joins in the set.
So what I notice I see in the picture it represents the vertex cover.
Crabtree.
Current.
So I hope this is very clear.
But if I say it, it represents the onset.
Imagine it.
It's the vertex cover of Subtree.
And now let's move back to the problem.
So in this problem, we have to do the same thing, right?
We have to find a set in.
That said, we have two options for every node and there that no will be in this or that node will not
be in this.
Right.
So if we have two options for every node and we can take these two options and what we'll do is we'll
try to take two APIs here, and the first DP will be DP Current Zero, which is a vertex cover.
Or discover if the current node.
It's not so zero four, not eight, not in the.
So basically the picture in zero represents the vertex cover of this subtree of the current node.
If the current node is not using it in the way.
Of liquidated custody of the deputy.
And what is the current one?
But the current one will be nothing but vertex cover if.
But continued is.
Chosen.
In this act.
On the subject.
Rachel.
That should not be a problem here.
I.
And yeah, but these are the two things.
These are the two most important things right now.
I hope these states are very clear.
So what will they be?
Two comma zero represent the vertex cover of this tree.
If two is not chosen and what will to come of underrepresented?
The vertex cover of the three of two is.
Chosen of the subtree eight.
Similarly, four, three, six, four and seven, eight.
And now let's just start.
And.
See I.
So tell me, what is the verdict cover of this five or the six or the seven?
So these are live notes.
What is the verdict cover of these subtree of the lymph nodes?
That means this DP alerted DP five, comma zero.
Let's try to fill all of them, the P5 comma one.
Let's just fill it for one little note that will be seen for all the other leave notes.
But if I talk about subtree of five, then that subtree of I have has any of the vertices.
No.
Right.
It has no witnesses.
Then.
If I don't choose right?
If I don't use five, then the vertex cover of this five will be zero.
That means I'm not integrating five.
And still that three, which is just five alone, eight is satisfied.
That is deep.
508.
What is deep five i it will be one by because I'm including five in my state if I'm including it deep.
The thing is, if even if I'm including five, then also.
The vertex cover is then also what we have this condition.
That means all the edges should be in one of the vertices.
But even then, the condition is fulfilled.
But the solution would be one way, because I'm including, if I can, what we consider to be five one
is 123500.
I hope this is very clear for every.
If not, these will be the base cases.
So for deep beyond trees, what are the best guesses?
These cases are nothing but relief.
Not.
Values.
Because if not, I will not go anywhere else.
I'll start from the welcome to the lymph node and folded down.
So for the lymph node that will be the best cases and will return back.
Let's talk about.
Okay.
So for now, let me just quickly write that I'm just looking deep five zero here and to be five one
is the same for six.
Simple.
Yeah.
Right now let's talk about how to form the record installation that we have in History City.
Let's talk about Deep Current.
You know if I'm not including.
Let's see.
Let's talk about this.
So if I'm not including this too, in my vertex cover set right then.
Just.
Just think of it, okay?
Let me not make a specific example.
Let me make a big example.
That would be more.
Beautiful.
So.
Let's see.
I have this tree.
So this is some random tree.
And right now, I'm talking about the whole.
Subtree of this nature.
Basically, let's add this is the current node, this is x, this is also x.
So Exxon nothing but child of current eight would be.
Yeah, but what would really be current zero if I'm not including the current node in my vertex covered
for this whole tree.
Just imagine what will happen to these edges.
If I'm not including it.
If I'm not including Corinne, that means I have to include X because I have to think about these two
edges.
Right?
The edges between deep current X and the edges between current then x.
If I'm not including current in the message, that's what typical environment means.
That means I have to include X.
That means it's safe because these are the edges should not be left out.
But if these edges do not want to be left out, that means the current zero will be nothing.
But it will be it.
Tell me, what's the vertical part of your searches?
I will do this for all the children for x.
Excessive linear identity, the current as the coroner and executive and it's easy to iterate.
But.
What I would say is that to me, what's the.
Value of your what's the vertex cover of your basically what about your subtree edges?
Right.
So how will he handle it?
He will handle it by using the only.
So I just ask it.
Tell me, what's the vortex cover of your subtree if you are included.
Right.
Well, what is that?
That is nothing but summation of.
DP ex Goma one.
But this deep commitment will tell me what is the vertex cover of this subtree of x which are the children
of x?
It's nothing.
We're just going to confuse nothing.
We're tired of getting eight so I just did here only it x scale of current node.
But this will be difficult indeed because we have to think about the edges that are joining current
in x eight.
Now let's talk about what is deep current one.
Will it be current one or does deep current one means that I'm including the current node into my subject?
If I'm including my current node in my discover, that means these edges are satisfied.
This is satisfied.
This is all satisfied.
But what about other edges?
But as we all know in deep, we never think about other edges, right?
We just think about one step deeper.
And that and in that step will again think about one step deeper.
Right?
So we don't have to worry about the edges which are in this subtree of its state.
We don't have to worry about the current edges.
Current edges that are joining the current already in.
Right.
If what is deep cut in one means I'm including the cardinal in my vertex go if I'm including my current
only member discovered this is done.
This is done.
That means no x not tell me.
From your subtree.
If I don't include you, what's the answer?
And even if I include you, what's the best answer?
Why am I seeing you anyway?
Include you?
Because.
The If I'm including current I if I'm including it, that doesn't mean I will not include x.
I can include x, maybe including x will give me the best answer.
As you can see in this case, if I take X, if I take this particular X, then then only it will give
me a good answer.
Right?
Why?
Because it is governing for edges, but including current doesn't mean don't include x but not including
current.
That means this case, the first one, not including current, meant that you have to include X because
of the current that.
I don't hear what it says.
I simply say that.
Tell me.
Or for it, because all this after is an independent rate for all it's in.
And I will say, tell me what is the vertex cover if I include you and if I don't include you, which
will be nothing but minimum of the px0 because see, if I if I included, then these are some vertex
go.
But and if I don't including included, these are different vertex cover.
But from both of them what I want is I want minimum of them to be to write.
What else is the p x.
That means.
Included are don't include this.
Give me the minimum.
I just give me the best answer for your whole subject.
And what will be the final answer for the whole thing?
It will be nothing but a minimum of.
BP.
Parent zero.
Walmart, BP.
Current one added include the note or you don't include the current note because it's not necessary
to include the current note.
Eight Into the verdict cover for the root note.
Instead of going to the trade route, this will be the final answer off Main Street.
But tell me if I include the route?
Not all.
I don't include the road.
Not what the best answer for the over it.
But I hope you understood both these are because the current relations might be tricky initially to
understand, but after solving so many problems above, it should not be an act of now or the beginning
doing nothing but submission of the biggest one.
I mean, I have to include all the other children.
If you've got anyone in a room with submission of minimum of.
Editing through the currently ordered included, then moved to the next saying because all those subtitles
are independent rate too for all those up trees.
For all the subtleties of its children, I have to actually ask for their answers and take the some.
So let's try to formulate it.
Okay.
Let's try to make the answer over here then.
So this is.
Yeah.
Now for two.
If I don't include two, that means this value.
If I don't include two, what I have is I want some of it all children when they're included.
So it is one eight.
And as you can see, if I just talk about this object, if I don't include two, then I have to include
five.
Then only this 2 to 5 subtree will be satisfied.
This will be illustrated.
Now let's talk about.
Hugo.
Marvin.
That means if I'm including.
So if I'm including, I don't have to include you.
It's not necessary to include fire.
What's the best answer for the Secretary of faith?
If I'm not including faith?
It is zero.
And if I'm including the coroner, I do it plus one with you because I'm including the coroner aid.
So I just have to make a statement that it is the minimum of all the other include or don't include
part plus one because I'm including the coroner.
Right.
So I.
I think I might have missed this plus one day, but it should be very clear doing the same one will
be there because I'm including the aid and this is nothing but but good so far to the outside will be
semen before also to be same, the same structure.
And let's talk about this one.
So what will be one comma zero?
If I'm not including the one I have to include two because of this is include three because of this
is include four because of this hedge.
If I'm including two, three, four, what's the best answer for this after each one.
But I'll just say it's three.
Correct.
And if I'm including one, let's say I'm including one.
If I'm including one, that means one plus what editing you do or don't include to include three don't
include three include four.
Don't include four.
What's the best answer?
So from here I'll get one.
From here I'll get one and from your I'll tell you, get one.
So he'd been before.
But if I'm including when the answer will be put.
But if I don't include one, then the answer will be three.
What will be my final answer?
The minimum of the include or don't include.
That would not of the three.
Which is.
I hope this is very clear.
Similarly, you can try making the values for this tree one who is the root node and in the next.
But I just got it and will be very easy.
It will be a normal DFS if this is a first search.
These small things you must know about trees, then you will be able to solve deep on trees because
it's a mixture of two things.
It's these plus dynamic program.
So I will not be explaining terms like DFS affairs and other things as much as I explained in this and
the previous video in the next part of recorded and.
We'll find the answer in some Iran speech.
Thank you.